Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ve280-project-3-blackjack
<br>
Ⅰ. BackgroundThe Cultural Festival turned out a success for SOS Brigade . After struggling for making the movie for so long, they finally went back to their normal routine. However, a group of five huge men broke into their club activity room and asked the members of SOS Brigade to play their designed game Blackjack . Actually, the computer storing SOS Quantum Library (see Lab1 ex.1) originally belonged to Joseph Joestar , but Suzumiya Haruhi robbed it. At that time Joseph was busy with dealing with Dio Brando and did not have time to deal with Haruhi . Now Dio Brando is dead and Joseph comes back to get his computer back. The Stardust Crusaders led by Joseph Jostar will compete SOS Brigade led by Suzumiya Haruhi through this game. Joseph Jostar will borrow 4 computers to SOS Brigade . If Stardust Crusaders wins, Joseph will get his computer back and get a member of SOS Brigade into Stardust crusaders . If SOS Brigade wins, those four computers will belong to SOS Brigade and Stardust Crusaders will be an affiliate group of SOS Brigade .Ⅱ. IntroductionYou need to firstly help Joseph Joestar to implement this card game. It is played with a standard deck of 52 playing cards. There are two participants, a dealer and a player. The player starts with a bankroll, and the game progresses in hands and rounds.At the start of each hand, the player decides how much to wager on this hand. The wager is an integer greater or equal to a minimum allowable wager and less than or equal to the player’s total bankroll.After the wager, the dealer deals a total of four cards:1. face-up to the player,2. face-up to the dealer,3. face-up to the player,4. face-down to the dealer, hole card.The player then examines his cards and calculate the total number of his card’s worth. Different cards have different worth:2-10 is worth its spot value face card (jack, queen, king) is worth 10Ace is worth 1 or 11, depending on which is more advantageous to the player.If the total includes an ace counted as 11, the total is called soft, otherwise it is called hard.The game progresses first with the player, then the dealer. The player’s goal is to build a hand that is as close to 21 as possible without going over—the latter is called a bust, and a player who busts loses the hand and his bankroll will decrease by his wager. For cards whether soft or hard, players/dealers only care about the current situation, i.e. they are greedy. They do not have the ability to foresee. As long as the player believes another card will help, the player hits—asks the dealer for another card. Each of these additional cards is dealt face-up. This process ends either when the player decides to stand—ask for no cards, or the player busts. Note that a player can stand with two cards; one need not hit at all in a hand.Natural 21: The player is dealt an ace plus any 10 or face card (jack, queen, king) in his hand. His bankroll will increase by wager * 3 / 2.If the player neither busts nor is dealt a natural 21, play then progresses to the dealer. The dealer must hit until he either reaches a total greater than or equal to 17 (hard or soft), or busts. If the dealer busts, the player wins. Otherwise, the two totals are compared:If the dealer’s total is higher, the player’s bankroll decreases by the amount of his wager.If the player’s total is higher, his bankroll increases by the amount of his wager. If the totals are equal, the bankroll is unchanged; this is called a push.A hand ends in four cases:1. The player get paid.2. The player’s bankroll decreases.3. They push.4. The cards are used up, then they shuffle the cards and do this hand again.A round consists of several hands. There is a maximum number of hands for each rounds. A round will end whenever one player is kicked out. A round ends in two cases:1. The player’s bankroll cannot reach that minimum allowable wager. Then the player is kicked out and a new round start from Hand 1. The dealer’s remaining hand will be reset to the maximum number of hands.2. Otherwise, if the allotted hands are all played and the player’s bankroll can still reach that minimum allowable wager, then the dealer is kicked out and a new round start from Hand1. The player’s remaining hand will be reset to the maximum number of hands.During the whole game process (before all the members of one team are kicked out), they will use the same set of cards, i.e. the cards will not be reset after the game starts.When one round ends and the player wins, the bankroll will not be reset to the start bankroll. Instead, everyone will be provided the bankroll only when they enter the game. During the game process, i.e. the player has not been kicked out, the player can only get money from the dealer. When the player is kicked out of the game, he/she will not pass his/her remaining money to the next player.

Ⅲ. Programming AssignmentYou will provide implementations of four separate abstractions for this project: a deck of cards, a blackjack hand, a blackjack player, and a game driver. All files referenced in this specification are located in the Projects/Project3 folder on Canvas.1. The Deck ADTYour first task is to implement the following ADT and put your implementation into a file named

2. The Hand Interface

3. The Player InterfaceYour third task is to implement two different blackjack players, specified in player.h . You are to implement two different derived classes from this interface and put them in a file named

The first derived class is the simple player, who plays a simplified version of basic strategy for blackjack. The simple player always places the minimum allowable wager, and decides to hit or stand based on the following rules and whether or not the player has a hard count or soft count:The first set of rules apply if the player has a hard count, i.e., his best total counts an Ace (if any) for 1, not 11.If the player’s hand totals 11 or less, he always hits.If the player’s hand totals 12, he stands if the dealer shows 4, 5, or 6; otherwise he hits. If the player’s hand totals between 13 and 16 inclusive, he stands if the dealer shows a 2 through a 6 inclusive; otherwise he hits.If the player’s hand totals 17 or greater, he always stands.The second set of rules applies if the player has a “soft count” , i.e., his best total includes one Ace worth 11. (Note that a hand would never count two Aces as 11 each–that’s a bust of 22.)If the player’s hand totals 17 or less, he always hits.If the player’s hand totals 18, he stands if the dealer shows a 2, 7, or 8, otherwise he hits. If the player’s hand totals 19 or greater, he always stands.Note: the Simple player does nothing for expose and shuffled events.The second derived class is the Counting player. This player counts cards in addition to playing the basic strategy. The intuition behind card counting is that when the deck has more face cards (worth 10) than low-numbered cards, the deck is favorable to the player. The converse is also true.The Counting player keeps a running “count” of the cards he’s seen from the deck. Each time he sees (via the expose() method) a 10, Jack, Queen, King, or Ace, he subtracts one from the count. Each time he sees a 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, he adds one to the count. When he sees that the deck is shuffled(), the count is reset to zero. Whenever the count is +2 or greater and he has enough bankroll (larger than or equal to the double of the minimum), the Counting player bets double the minimum, otherwise (i.e., including the situation where count &gt;= +2 but the bankroll is less than the double of the minimum) he bets the minimum. The Counting player should not reimplement methods of the Simple player unnecessarily.You must also declare static global instances of each of the Players you implement in your player.cpp file. Finally, you should implement “access” functions like this that return pointers to each of these global instances in your player.cpp file. You should use this single function to get any player.extern Player* get_Player(string&amp; dealerSide, string&amp; playerType, int&amp; ID); // EFFECTS: get a pointer to a player. // “dealerSide” describes whether the dealeris from SOS Brigade or Stardust Crusade. This depends on the last program argument: [sos|sc]. sc means the dealer team is Stardust Crusaders, sos means the dealer team is SOS Brigade. // “playerType” describes whether Koizumi Itzuki and Mohammed Avdol are simple p layer or count player. This depends on the penultimate program argument: [simple|counting]. If this argument is “simple”, then Itzuki and Avdol are simple players. If this argument is “counting”, then Itzuki and Avdol are countingplayers.// “ID” is the player’s ID.4. CharactersThere are in total 10 people in this game who have different characteristics. They are from two sides. Normally, they have same bankroll and same hands. One team will be selected as player team and the other will be dealer team. This depends on program arguments. In “[]” are characteristics that these people have only when they are players. The ID of each character is given after the name of each character. i.e. The IDs of Kyon and Kakyoin Noriaki are both 4.SOS Brigade1. Suzumiya Haruhi (ID: 1) Leader of SOS Brigade. [Due to her preference to make things simple, she is a simple player. But she is very brave, she always bets double the minimum.]2. Nagato Yuki (ID: 2) Human interface alien. [She is a normal counting player.]3. Asahina Mikuru (ID: 3) Not good at games. [She is a counting player, but she will act contrary to a counting player, i.e. she will double the minimum only when the count is less than -2 and she has enough bankroll.]4. Kyon (ID: 4) [He is a simple player.]5. Koizumi Itzuki (ID: 5) [His player type (simple or count) depends on user input.]Stardust Crusaders1. Joseph Joestar (ID: 1) Leader of Stardust Crusaders. [He is a rich counting player, having 2 times of normal bankroll as his own bankroll, but he fears being poor. If his bankroll is less than one half of the normal bankroll, he will escape, shout “Ni Ge Run Da Yo” (Escape fast in Japanese) and lost the game.] If he successfully kicks out an enemy, he will cheer “Nice!”.2. Kujo Jotaro (ID: 2) [He is a count player.] However, every time he is about to bust, he will shout “Star Platinum, Za Warudo” to activate his stand power, stop the time, abandon his current cards and take the same number of cards again. He will stop time for multiple times until he got a set of cards that will not bust (natural 21 will still be valid). He will not expose his card got when time is stopped. It may happen that the cards are used up. Please note that dealers can also bust.3. Jean Pierre Polnareff (ID: 3) [He is a simple player.]4. Kakyoin Noriaki (ID: 4) [He is a very cautious count player so that he will only bet double the minimum when count &gt;= +4 and he has enough bankroll.] After he defeats an enemy, he will eat a cherry, producing a sound of “rerorerorero rerorerorero”.5. Mohammed Avdol (ID: 5) [His player (simple or count) type depends on user input.]For SOS Brigade, they will come into the game according to the sequence: Suzumiya Haruhi -&gt; Nagato Yuki -&gt; Asahina Mikuru -&gt; Kyon -&gt; Koizumi Itzuki. For Stardust Crusaders, they will come into the game according to the sequence: Joseph Joestar -&gt; Kujo Jotaro -&gt; Jean Pierre Polnareff -&gt; Kakyoin Noriaki -&gt; Mohammed Avdol . The detailed kick-out rule is in 5. The Driver Program .5. The Driver ProgramFinally, you are to implement a driver program that can be used to simulate this version of blackjack given your implementation of the ADTs described above and put your implementation into a file named blackjack.cpp .The driver program, when run, takes four arguments:

The first argument is an integer denoting the player’s starting bankroll. The second argument is the maximum number of hands for each player to play in the simulation. You can assume that these two integers input by the user are positive (≥1) and within an upper limit of 10000. The third argument is one of the two strings “simple” or “counting”, denoting those player’s type (simple or counting) which will depend on program arguments. The fourth argument decides which team is the dealer team.For example, suppose that you program is called blackjack. It may be invoked by typing in a terminal:./blackjack 100 3 simple scThen Koizumi Itzuki and Mohammed Avdol are simple players. The dealer team will beStardust Crusaders . Each player will have at most 3 hands. When one person is kicked out, the other’s remaining hand will be reset to 3.The driver first shuffles the deck. To shuffle the deck, you choose seven cuts between 13 and 39 inclusive at random, shuffling the deck with each of these cuts. We have supplied a header, rand.h , and an implementation, rand.cpp , that define a function that provides these randomcuts. Each time the deck is shuffled, first announce it: cout &lt;&lt; “Shuffling the deck” &lt;&lt; endl; And announce each of the seven cut points:

then be sure to tell the player via shuffle().Note: you should always print the message corresponding to the initial shuffling before you do anything further.We assume that the minimum bet is 5. Then, while the player’s bankroll is larger than or equal to the minimum bet of 5 and there are hands left to be played: where the variable thishand is the hand number, starting from 1.If there are fewer than 20 cards left, reshuffle the deck as described above. Note that this happens only at the beginning of each hand. It does not occur during a hand even if the number of cards is fewer than 20. where Player_Fullname is current player’s full name.Deal four cards: one face-up to the player, one face-up to the dealer, one face-up to the player, and one face-down to the dealer. Announce the face-up cards using cout. For example:

Use the SpotNames, SuitNames, SOS_Name, SC_Name arrays for this, and be sure to expose() any face-up cards to the player.If the player is dealt a natural 21, immediately pay the player 3/2 of his bet. In this case, announce as below, and this hand ends:If the player is not dealt a natural 21, have the player play his hand. Draw cards until the player either stands or busts. Announce and expose() each card dealt as above.When drawing cards ends, Kujo Jotaro will know whether he should stop the time. If he is about to bust, he will immediately shoutPlayer: Kujo Jotaro: “Star Platinum, Za Warudo”activate his stand power, stop the time and take the same number of cards. He will not expose his cards, or his stopping-time action will be discovered. The time will begin to flow after he get the same number of cards. However, if he finds that he is about to bust again, he will stop the time again.After Kujo Jotaro flows the time, he will check whether he should stand. If not, he will keep getting cards according to the rule. However, it may happen that he is again about to bust, then he should stop the time again… deducting the wager from the bankroll and moving on to the next hand. If Kujo Jotaro stops the time, he will not announce his total before time is stopped. He will only announce his total if he will not bust.

(Note: the hole card is NOT exposed if either the player busts or is dealt a natural 21.)If the player hasn’t busted, play the dealer’s hand. The dealer must hit until reaching seventeen or busting. Announce and expose each card as above.At this time, Kujo Jotaro will know whether he should stop the time. If he is about to bust, he will immediately shout

activate his stand power, stop the time and take the same number of cards. He will not expose his cards, or his stopping-time action will be discovered. The time will begin to flow after he get the same number of cards. However, if he finds that he is about to bust again, he will stop the time again.After Kujo Jotaro flows the time, he will check whether he should stand. If not, he will keep getting cards according to the rule. However, it may happen that he is again about to bust, then he should stop the time again…

where the variable dealer_count is the total value of the dealer’s hand. If the dealer busts, say so:

crediting the wager from the bankroll and moving on to the next hand.If neither the dealer nor the player bust, compare the totals and announce the outcome. Credit the bankroll, debit it, or leave it unchanged as appropriate.cout &lt;&lt; “Dealer: ” &lt;&lt; Dealer_Fullname &lt;&lt; ” wins this hand” &lt;&lt; endl; cout &lt;&lt; “Player: ” &lt;&lt; Player_Fullname &lt;&lt; ” wins this hand” &lt;&lt; endl; cout &lt;&lt; “Push” &lt;&lt; endl;If the player’s bankroll is larger than or equal to the minimum bet of 5 and there are hands left to be played, then continue to play the next hand (i.e., start again from the first bullet point “Announce the hand”).When the player either has too little money to make a minimum wager or the allotted hands have been played, announce the outcome:cout &lt;&lt; “Player: ” &lt;&lt; Player_Fullname &lt;&lt; ” has ” &lt;&lt; bankroll &lt;&lt; ” after ”&lt;&lt; thishand &lt;&lt; ” hands” &lt;&lt; endl;where the variable thishand is the current hand number. In the special case where the initial bankroll is less than the minimum, we have thishand = 0, since the player hasn’t played any hand yet. Furthermore, in this special case, the initial shuffling of the deck should still be announced before you print the status of the player.At this time, if the allotted hands have all been played and the player have enough money to at least make a minimum wager, the player will win this round (not hand. A round consistsof those allotted hands) and the dealer will be kicked out of the game. The next dealer will come and start a new round from Hand 1. The program will announce the outcome:cout &lt;&lt; “Dealer: ” &lt;&lt; Dealer_Fullname &lt;&lt; ” has been kicked out. The winner of this round is “&lt;&lt; Player_Fullname &lt;&lt;“.” &lt;&lt; endl;If the player has too little money to make a minimum wager, the dealer wins this round, and the player will be kicked out of the game. The next player will come and start a new round from Hand 1.

shuffle the card and start this hand again.When all the members of one team are kicked out, game ends. The program’s output depends on the winning side. For example,Game over. The winner is Stardust Crusaders. SOS Brigade will return the computer to Joseph Joestar and Suzumiya Haruhi will become a member of Stardust Crusaders# When Stardust Crusaders winsGame over. The winner is SOS Brigade. SOS Brigade got four computers and Stardust Crusaders become an affiliate group of SOS Brigade # When SOS Brigade winsMessages after # should not go to output. They are just comments.

IV. Implementation Requirements and RestrictionsYou may include &lt;iostream&gt; , &lt;iomanip&gt; , &lt;string&gt; , &lt;cstdlib&gt; , and &lt;cassert&gt; . No other system header files may be included, and you may not make any call to any function in any other library.Output should only be done where it is specified.You may not use the goto command.You may not have any global variables in the driver. You may use global state in the class implementations, but it must be static and (except for the two players) const . There is no user input. You may assume that functions are called consistent with their advertised specifications. This means you need not perform error checking. However, when testing your code in concert, you may use the assert() macro to program defensively.

V. Source Code Files and CompilingThere are five header files ( card.h , deck.h , hand.h , player.h , and rand.h ) and two C++ source files ( card.cpp and rand.cpp ) located in the Project3_starter_file.zip from our Canvas resources:You should copy these files into your working directory. DO NOT modify them!You need to write four other C++ source files: deck.cpp , hand.cpp , player.cpp , and blackjack.cpp . They are discussed above and summarized below:deck.cpp : your Deck ADT implementation hand.cpp : your Hand ADT implementation player.cpp : your player ADT implementations blackjack.cpp : your simulation driverAfter you have written these files, you can type the following command in the terminal to compile the program:

This will generate a program called blackjack in your working directory. In order to guarantee that the TAs compile your program successfully, you should name you source code files exactly like how they are specified above. For this project, the penalty for code that does not compile will be severe, regardless of the reason. You should submit four source code files deck.cpp , hand.cpp , player.cpp , and blackjack.cpp (in one compressed file) via JOJ. The due time is 23:59 on July 9th, 2021.